more context on the doc on override values (#2381)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/helm/user-guide.md

## Advanced features

## Passing environment variables to the Helm chart

Sometimes it is useful to pass down environment variables from the Operators `Deployment`
all the way to the helm charts templates. This allows the Operator to be configured at a global

> level at runtime. This is new compared to dealing with helm charts manually

Reviewer: Nit: maybe?
```suggestion
level at runtime. This is new compared to dealing with the helm CLI
```

> as they usually don't have access to any environment variables in the context of Tiller

Author: PTAL
